Add auto-positioning for our toast component (#28783)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.0/components/toasts.md

## Placement

> Our toast are dynamically placed according to the position you specified and to their container. The top right is often used for notifications, as is the top middle. If you're only ever going to show one toast at a time. If you have several toasts displayed at once, they will stack automatically.

Reviewer: This needs some word proofing @mdo

{{< example >}}
<form>
  <div class="form-group mb-3">
    <label for="selectToastPlacement">Toast placement</label>

>     <select class="form-control mt-2" id="selectToastPlacement">

Reviewer: We need an initial placeholder option value here :) After we add it, feel free to backport it to the visual test too

Reviewer 2: The toast seems to behave a little bugged since we autohide it. Imo, we should disable that and use a default position value like @XhmikosR suggested. 

Also, the class needs some adjustment:
```suggestion
    <select class="form-select mt-2" id="selectToastPlacement">
```

## Placement

> Our toast are dynamically placed according to the position you specified and to their container. The top right is often used for notifications, as is the top middle. If you're only ever going to show one toast at a time. If you have several toasts displayed at once, they will stack automatically.

Reviewer 3: If I understand what's being proposed here, this should suffice.

```suggestion
Toasts are dynamically placed relative to their container with the position you specify. The top right and top middle are often the most often used for notifications across devices and operating systems. If you have more than one toast displayed at the same time, they will automatically stack.
```
